Babies
Mommy is just here for an awards ceremony
You all come
Is it too ostentatious?
Mommy, your business is the most important thing
And Mommy, you're so beautiful
Of course we have to dress up too
Right, Sanbao?
We cheer on mommy
The Pulitzer Prize ceremony has officially begun
Final review popularity first
The second is Ms. Xia Zhu from CN Media
And Ms. Gao Meiyun from Ruili News
Yeah, I heard about that.
That Miss Gao is a rich second generation
He was not shortlisted by strength at all
The winner is definitely Mommy.
Now I declare
The winners of this year's Best News Awards are
Ms. Gao Meiyun
How is that possible?
The list of winners in your hand has not been opened.
How do you know who won the prize?
Children are less verbose
This is not the place for you to chime in
Why not?
Xia Zhu was originally a little reporter
It would be nice to be shortlisted
Pulitzer Prize for Journalism
It should have been
Someone young and powerful like me
What about a mother like this?
You should take good care of your children at home
It's too much.
You won the prize through the back door.
Stop talking and tell these little devils
This is a game of capital
Whoever has the money wins the prize
Since it is a game of capital
I'll take a look at this old man too
piggy
Long time no see.